@channel Here's a bonus homework challenge:
*Search Interface for themoviedb API*
1. Create a new Flask app, with a route like `/search/<query>`. The handler function for this route should make an API request to themoviedb.org and save the response into a variable, which it makes available to a search results HTML template. The template should loop through the results, showing the movie title (and optionally small poster) for each result.
2. The title/poster for each result above should be a link to another route in your Flask app, like `/details/<movie_id>`. The handler function for this route will also need to make a request to the API for themoviedb (as with the terminal version of this movie search app we made last week), but this time to the movie details URL. It will need to provide the ID of the movie you want the API to give you the details for, and this will come from the `movie_id` part of the route. Store the response from the API in a variable, and pass it to an HTML template so your template can show the details for that movie.
3. If your code that makes requests to the API for themoviedb is directly in your route handler functions, try moving it into functions inside a separate module file, import the module in your flask app, and call the API functions that way. It will keep your route handler functions as small as possible.
*NOTE:* We'll go through a solution to this together on Tuesday night, but you will learn a lot more if you have at least made an attempt at writing your own solution.
